wanna know what time theater this
weekend powerful men don't have to be
cruel I had a plan Ben Affleck breaks
all the rules as a 1920s mobster and
lived by night with the events of the
Boston Marathon bombing a policeman's
work begins in Patriots day the world is
watching
we gotta find these guys before they do
this is someone else if I tell you about
him you're all dead in the bye-bye man
three friends accidentally unleash a
terrifying supernatural and finally
let's find out what's hot in theaters
this weekend with this week's fantasy
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket
[Music]